what happens my girls like damage to talent and
today we are going to talk about the
gta 5 for the following generations
xbox one and playstation 4 on main in
this video will know everything that
I need to talk to him about the GTA 5
of next generation and for that I have
done this special menu for you
where are we going to see the date of
launch the best exclusives and the
price and presale
so moving on the date of
launch let's see that there are people to
5 already has an official date and
confirmed that it is November 18,
this year for xbox one and playstation 4
however for the other part in the pc
arrives three months later until the 27th
January 2015 but good while
we are going to what many of us are interested in
They are the best explosive of the game
brings back the gta 5 talent really
it's worth it good is going to bring new
weapons vehicles and life activities
wild extra traffic denser a
new vegetation system and effect of
climatic damage improved now as of
additional wildlife
I want to emphasize here this image that
I want you to see very well
to see how people put us on alcohol and
the coke but if you are very
observers the truth that is super
easy to discover what is good in this
image we are going to see is that there is a
cat in a kitten and there are many more things
that I discovered in the new trailer
that here to take out that then do the
review I'm surprised that nobody yet
have discovered these things nor the
Greek but good then a3 the review
perfect for you to see everything it brings
again because there's a lot of things
new and in other exclusive improvements
maintain that the radio selection is going to
be expanded with more than 100 songs and
more variety of djs is for the
people who are already a little bored
with the usual songs ok but
good leaving aside jeta 5 we're going to
go to the big online forum that is the new
that bring these generation residents the
there are few improvements but very
good the main thing we're going to have to
is going to be more number of players now
up to 30 in a lobby all lcd and
the improvements will already be available in
human xbox and playstation 4 from the
first day and the best part is that
We will be able to transfer our
character of the next generation
well so you also playstation3 and
they bought xbox just like they can
transfer or vice versa
It is as you want but very well
returning to our menu we are going to give
with the last important point that is the
price and presale ok right now
currently the gta 5 rockstar has not
removed nothing from presales or editions
special but how can you see here
I put this chop they were giving away
a few months ago I would love to upload
something that they tell me something concho because
I want wide and the time to present it
they are going to give us a million to spend but
which is measured in half a million for
the campaign and half a million for the olmedo
do not worry about insurance with the
struggles we can open and now I, I
I think forgiveness is my opinion that the
price will be 999 pesos both xbox
web like cristian 4 and ps I do not know about you
what do you think you can say here
in the comments and comment and so
that has been all that they should
know about gta 5 of the following
generation already know that you can follow me
for my twitter I also tmx to
more things
tell me what you thought if now
they know everything they know when
some friends ask me what brings
new manuel the link to this video is
You can leave your like if you liked the
video do not leave
like that is like if you did not like the
video I am talent and see you in the
following